README.md, before:

# <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="AI VFR Webtool UI Design (1)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5cd6a27-54eb-4a14-973c-2734a586292d" />

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-v1.0.0--beta-green)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC--BY--NC_4.0-blue)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/v1.0.0--beta_documentation-Currently_Unavailable-red)]()

***An Experimental AI assisted Flight Planning Webtool***

AIVFR is an experimental AI assisted flight planning webtool for VFR (Visual Flight Rules) pilots in the UK. It gives users the ability to create routes, see weather reports, create and download flight breifings that include Threat and Error Management, pilot logs, and also configure fuel and mass & balance details.

Created by a licensed UK pilot (PPL level at the time of publishing), this project had the aim of seeing how AI can be integrated into real-world VFR flight planning solutions in the future, as currently they often dominate (and rightfully so) in the more complex, commercial operations.

Fun fact: The very first public version of this tool `v1.0.0-beta` was made as part of the OCR Computer Science A-level Non-Exam Assessment. Its the most ambitious project I had ever done, and was fundamental in my journey of learning web-development and coding in general!

This webtool is not adapted for mobile users. For the best experience please use a laptop/tablet.

Use **`/debug`** to see all the currently stored data for your session.

Please see the attatched full documentation to see the initial development of this project.

## Disclaimer
This webtool is an experimental, non-certified project that uses AI-generated content. The information provided may be incomplete, outdated, inaccurate, or misleading.

This tool is provided strictly for learning, demonstration, and educational purposes only. **No output from this system is suitable for, or may be relied upon for, real-world aviation use.**

This application **must not** be used for:

- Operational flight planning or navigation
- Weather assessment or decision-making related to real flight operations
- Airspace or regulatory compliance

By using this tool, you acknowledge and agree that:

- The webtool is in the Beta stage of development and may contain bugs, errors, or incorrect data.
- No information provided by this system is authoritative, certified, or approved for aviation use.
- The pilot in command remains solely responsible for all planning, decisions, and actions related to any flight.
- The developer accepts no responsibility or liability for any decisions, actions, losses, or outcomes arising from the use of this tool.
- Any use of information generated by this application, whether accurate or not, is entirely at your own risk.
- ***This tool must NOT be used for real-world flight operations under any circumstances!***

Commit message:

Clarify documentation reference in README
Reword documentation reference for clarity and detail.

README.md, after:

# <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="AI VFR Webtool UI Design (1)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5cd6a27-54eb-4a14-973c-2734a586292d" />

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-v1.0.0--beta-green)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC--BY--NC_4.0-blue)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/v1.0.0--beta_documentation-Currently_Unavailable-red)]()

***An Experimental AI assisted Flight Planning Webtool***

AIVFR is an experimental AI assisted flight planning webtool for VFR (Visual Flight Rules) pilots in the UK. It gives users the ability to create routes, see weather reports, create and download flight breifings that include Threat and Error Management, pilot logs, and also configure fuel and mass & balance details.

Created by a licensed UK pilot (PPL level at the time of publishing), this project had the aim of seeing how AI can be integrated into real-world VFR flight planning solutions in the future, as currently they often dominate (and rightfully so) in the more complex, commercial operations.

Fun fact: The very first public version of this tool `v1.0.0-beta` was made as part of the OCR Computer Science A-level Non-Exam Assessment. Its the most ambitious project I had ever done, and was fundamental in my journey of learning web-development and coding in general!

This webtool is not adapted for mobile users. For the best experience please use a laptop/tablet.

Use **`/debug`** to see all the currently stored data for your session.

If you'd like to see the full documentation of the initial development of this webapp, or just want an exemplar to follow for your own NEA, you can find it attatched at the top of this readme.

## Disclaimer
This webtool is an experimental, non-certified project that uses AI-generated content. The information provided may be incomplete, outdated, inaccurate, or misleading.

This tool is provided strictly for learning, demonstration, and educational purposes only. **No output from this system is suitable for, or may be relied upon for, real-world aviation use.**

This application **must not** be used for:

- Operational flight planning or navigation
- Weather assessment or decision-making related to real flight operations
- Airspace or regulatory compliance

By using this tool, you acknowledge and agree that:

- The webtool is in the Beta stage of development and may contain bugs, errors, or incorrect data.
- No information provided by this system is authoritative, certified, or approved for aviation use.
- The pilot in command remains solely responsible for all planning, decisions, and actions related to any flight.
- The developer accepts no responsibility or liability for any decisions, actions, losses, or outcomes arising from the use of this tool.
- Any use of information generated by this application, whether accurate or not, is entirely at your own risk.
- ***This tool must NOT be used for real-world flight operations under any circumstances!***
